fix(live-18576,coin-tron): retrieve limited number of oldest operations first (#10161)
LedgerHQ/ledger-live: .changeset/angry-scissors-argue.md

---
"@ledgerhq/coin-tron": minor
---

> On tron, API has a hard limit on the number of transaction to retrieve. The API returns the oldest set of transactions it can find according to the minHeight parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
On tron, API has a hard limit on the number of operations to retrieve. The API returns the oldest set of operations it can find according to the minHeight parameter.
```
